The last thing we have to do is update our event once again.
So we're going to update some URLs inside there to reach out to our newly created comments.
Query and moderation.
Cluster IP services will then rebuild that image, push it off to Docker Hub and then update our deployment.
To get started.
I'll open up my editor inside of here.
I'm going to find the event bus index file.
So here's where we had just commented out those three calls.
So remember, we no longer have any kind of idea of local host.
Instead, we have to reach out to the direct cluster IP services.
If we ever forget the names of those IP services and all we have to do is go to our terminal and do
a little get services.
So we need to make sure that we make a request up to comments.
XV at Port 4001.
Moderation at 4003 and query at 4002.
So back over here.
Here is 4001.
That should be our comments, CRV.
Next up at 4002 is query.
Savi.
And then finally at 4003 is moderation.
All right, I'll say this file.
We'll then go back over to our terminal.
Let's change into our.
Event bus directory.
We're going to rebuild this image because we made a change to our code.
So, Docker, build.
Tag it.
Don't forget the dot on the very end.
Well, then do a darker push.
And then finally, don't forget option number two, for updating a deployment, we'll run, it'll rollout,
restart deployment and then the deployments name and we have to do that after we successfully push that
image off to Docker Hub.
So we can do a cube kettle and I forget this command all the darn time rollout restart deployment.
You think I could remember that rollout restart deployment and the name of our deployment in this case.
Let's just do a IT deployments as a reminder.
The name of our deployment is.
Where is it?
Event bus depot.
So tell.
Roll out restart deployment.
Event Bus depot.
Right after that, we can do a get pods and make sure that the pod was updated.
So there's the old pod for event bus.
It's been terminated.
And here's the new one that was just created with the new image.
I can then run pods again.
And I'll see that the terminated one has now been completely cleaned up.
And now we've got just the new version of our code right there inside of the event bus.
All right.
Now, how are we going to test this out?
Well, we don't really have the React project wired up at all right now.
As a matter of fact, we haven't really discussed the React application whatsoever.
We'll figure it that out in just a moment.
But for right now, a more immediate test we can do is once again use Postman to make a new post directly.
We can then take a look at some logs around, say comments or maybe query moderation.
Just print out some logs and verify.
Make sure that we see some events being received from the event bus.
I think that's a good enough test for right now.
So let's open up post man once again.
I still got the exact same request loaded up right here.
So remember it is a post to local host if you're on Docker for Windows or Docker for Mac.
Otherwise you'll do that mini cube IP.
You'll then have your node port port right there, which very likely is not 3402 for you.
Slash post make sure you've got headers of content type application JSON, select raw, select JSON
and then put in an object or some JSON data like so.
Well, then send us.
Looks like this was successful.
So now we can go and check out some logs.
Back over here.
Remember to retrieve logs.
We're going to do a little logs and then the name of the pod that we want to get the logs from.
So let's take a look at the comments pod first.
I'll do a little get me logs.
EST.
And I can see event received of created.
I'll do the same thing for moderation.
I don't recall if our moderation actually has a console.log when it receives an event.
So if we don't see one, when we get logs from that thing, I'll probably assume that everything is
okay.
Right now, at least.
Okay.
So I don't see a log right here.
But again, I believe that's because we did not add in any logging whenever we receive an event.
So I'm just going to ignore that right now.
And then finally we'll take a look at query.
So keep CTL logs and this one is seeing the event as well.
Awesome.
Well, I think that means that all of our different microservices are loaded into the cluster and they
have the ability to communicate with each other.
Maybe not the moderation one, but again, I'm pretty sure that's working just fine.
So we're still not done yet, believe it or not, even though we've been going through this Kubernetes
stuff for a really long time.
The last thing to do is really figure out that React application.
There's going to be some special concerns around it.
So let's take a pause right here.
We'll come back to the next video and discuss how we're going to wire up the React app to all these
different services.